C R O P  N I T R O G E N

- Justes (1994) provide a different validity range for "NpctMinVegTop":
"NpctMinVegTop" is only valid for 0.5-1.4 t/ha, while the max function
is valid between 1.5 and 14 t/ha; the current Fasset version, however,
used the same validity range for min and max functions

- "NpctMax/MinVegTop" refers to the aboveground plant part excluding
storage. The corresponding literature (Justes, Bleken, Plenet, ...),
however, provides functions only for the total aboveground plant
(including storgage); We therefore wondered, if the current algorithms
and parameterization is correct.

- PowDM is identical for Min/Max, which according to literature, is only
true for winter wheat, and the validity limit of 150 refers only to
wheat (see Justes).

C R O P

- since temperate maize is assumed day neutral, we would prefer to
“switch off” the impact of daylength. Could we choose DMAX and DB so
that it amounts to “1” in "Phenology.update"? (For Maize it has to be
1.) Or better have a switch to turn DL on/off?

- Currently plant height only depends on DS and max height. Since a
substantial impact of nitrogen supply on plant height must be assumed,
we would rather prefer another algorithm, as for instance height = CAI_g
* constant

- "TransferDMToRoot" uses "deltaDM" in contrast to Berntsen et al (2005,
Eq. 2) where "deltaOptDM" is used.

- The temperature function (ftw) used in "deltaDM" differs from that
provided by Berntsen (2005). The current version assumes a value of “1”
for temp exceeding "MaxDMtemp"; however, a negative impact of very high
temperature cannot be excluded for many crops;

- Berntsen (2005, Eq. 10) suggests a different general "FNitrogenCurve",
since the currently used algorithm may only work for winter wheat?

- In contrast to Olesen (2004) the "LAIfraction" equation contains a
denominator "PlantHeight^(a+1)" instead of "PlantHeight^(a+2)".

- RootPenetrationReduction lacks the cases "clay < 0.02" and "clay >
0.08", see Berntsen (2005, Eq 7).

- Is "RootLengthInInterval" the same function as in Berntsen (2005, Eq. 8)?

- Do you have a reference for the "TransferDMToStorage" function?

S O I L

- In "Soillayer" the "HeatCapacityIce" is set to 2000. In "Soilprofile"
it is set to 2050. The value given in the Daisy documentation is 2050.

- Chatskikh (2005) seems to be the current description for
(de)nitrification. In "soilLayer.UpdateNitrification()" the
"TempNitrificationEffect()" and "WaterNitrificationEffect()" are
completely different to his description (Chatskikh 2005, Eq 1,4,5). Is
this correct?

- Is "soilLayer.MaxNitrogenFlux" adjusted to wheat or valid for any
plant? There are some strange comments in the source code.

- Do you have a reference for the "FracAmmoniumInWater()"?